hey guys brunch sec here bring you
another runescape video not today it's
gonna be a money making guide for low to
mid-level players and I thought to
myself why not post this around
thanksgiving since most of you guys will
have a break and you know this could
give you some good magic arrange XP
depending on what you're going to do and
decent money and the matter that we're
going to be doing is killing kalphite
exiled guardians or which is pretty much
the cough like kings um i guess minions
and I now already posted this but I
posted this 10 months ago and a lot of
change on the recommended set up and all
that other stuff so I thought to myself
why not remake this guide and i will be
listing the recommended stuff what you
need and stuff later on in the video but
yeah guys not to get there it's very
simple on my highly recommend you unlock
the Bandit camp lodestone first just
because it makes traveling a lot easier
or not you're just going to want to
teleport there and travel south until
you see this pointed rock dingy and just
you're just going to want to enter it
and there's a summoning habla streit
there for your convenience and this is
the spot i would recommend for lower
level players tense day a lot of them
won't be a grow to you but um if you
guys feel like you're going to be AFK a
little bit for like 20 to 30 seconds
before picking up your loot or if you're
higher level i highly suggest you go to
the spot that i'm about to go to right
now discuss it's much simpler and much
more relaxing than the other ones now
what you're gonna want to do is just
make sure you auto cast the spell if
you're doing this with magic or you
equip your bolts and go to your right
ability bar and not make the same
mistake as me because i didn't cast the
auto cast my spell yet and what you're
going to want to do is just pretty much
attack it now these things are weak to
arrange what you can pretty much kill
them with magic too if you so choose to
and they pretty much have the same bill
time i guess now
highest gear you can wear would be
highly recommended it's recommended to
use magic or range for faster kills I
already have 99 range so I thought to
myself why not just train some magic and
they both they're both pretty much the
same speed but they are weak to ranged
or bolts some of them and some of them
are weak to magic so it's really up to
you another thing that i would highly
recommend is use a beast of burden and
the highest you can i would say spirit
terry bird or higher just because you
might want you you guys want to make
this trip worth it because it literally
takes about 30 to 45 seconds to get to
the location so yeah guys you you're
going to want to be efficient as
possible and a charming him it would be
also helpful to i forgot to bring one in
this video and i was really desperate to
pick up charms but i chose not to but if
you guys want a high cash per hour i
would highly suggest you not bringing a
charming camp as it takes up on
inventory space and you're going to be
getting charms which is 5 plus x5 les
hommes titans you can pick up oh yeah
you're going to want to pick up the
damaged chitin and each one of these
monsters drops its so it's not really
that what is it called it's not really
that it's not a rare drop or anything
you're just going on you're just going
to want to pick every single one of them
up and if you guys don't feel like soul
splitting or using prayers i highly
suggest you attack behind these pillars
right there to the right of me I'm just
drag all of them to the back of their
because they can't reach you and you can
still attack them so if you're running
low on prayer or something like that
you're just going to want to drag it
over there I highly recommend you use
the EEOC instead of the legacy mode for
this just because I personally think
killing these with abilities is much
faster and you know more efficient than
you doing it with legacy mode and it's
also much cheaper which I know you guys
like now you're just when I go you're
just going to want to kill these until
you have a full inventory and yeah guys
it's pretty straightforward so I'll cut
to the clip where I finish my inventory
not to go back it's very simple make
sure that if you have one more inventory
space or something like that you go over
here first because they're probably
going to these monsters are probably
going to be a grow on you so it's going
to be a pain for you to get out as you
guys can see another one just got a
garage so I highly recommend you just go
here when you're around your last killer
too but if you guys don't feel like
killing them you guys just might want to
run run back here and just pretty much
teleport to edgeville or your to causal
ring or whatever so you can rinse and
repeat and i also forgot that you might
need some anti poisons just because it's
very efficient and you guys don't want
to take unnecessary damage and i don't
think you guys need to bring as much
potions and as much sharks as i do but i
mean if you're low level go ahead now
after you guys have a full inventory i
highly suggest you go to your nearest
anvil because these damaged items are
not tradable as you guys can tell and
you're going to be we want to be making
these into these chitin scraps which are
used to repair drag or weapons and
that's why there they have a little bit
of value to them now the higher the
smithing level the higher damaged titans
you can turn into cotton scraps which
equals more money now I have 70 and I
got around 41 pieces per inventory
including with my beast of burden so I
got 177 k / inventory which is pretty
mediocre to be honest I could have gone
like 185 if I didn't bring these extra
potions as as much sharks I guess and
yeah guys that's all you got to do with
the higher the smithing level obviously
the more money you will will be yielded
to you and it's harness at 77 k /
inventory each inventory takes about six
to seven minutes so you guys can be
making around one hi 1.4 to mid 1.5 k if
you guys are very slow like me because
obviously i didn't pick up all these
skills I mean I didn't pick up all the
damage Titans just because there was a
bunch of them so i'm only getting around
1.5 1.6 ish mil per hour if you guys
have a pack or if you guys have let's
say 99 smithing or something like that
you guys could probably easily make 1.8
mil per hour maybe even two mil per hour
but i would safely suggest this method
is around 1.4 1.5 to 1.8 1.9 and
obviously this also gives very very very
good XP with no requirements I mean
decent XP with no requirement so I
highly recommend this method guys but I
hope you guys liked this video please
give a like I've enjoyed it comment if
you have any more questions or
criticisms or anything like that and
subscribe for more future content guys i
hope this video helped and i forget it
guys bye